one of the most dangerous trips any
individual can take is the one into the
mind of Jake the snake Roberts during
that journey you're guaranteed to cross
paths with the DDT
and I think he's dead you need to bring
it
I'm having a hard time what's it going
to do next oh man
place to be
oh my god talk about devastating moved
by shaking Roberts
wait a minute cook what's he gonna do
here
he's back on his feet but you could see
the abuse from his drooly matches
definitely taking its toll nobody home
for that one and the knuckles connect
that'll leave a mark
nice catch know what hold for that one
you know what's coming next
it's widely known in this business you
don't get more day
the cheek the snake Roberts
recently physical match these gladiators
the put each other through
devastating what a move by Jake Roberts
calculated
devastating what a move by shaking
Roberts
to
you better stick
near a full winner
absolutely
Cathy had to win this one tonight I mean
there's absolutely no way to underscore
how big this victory is perhaps the
biggest in his life another
unforgettable WrestleMania good night
ladies and gentlemen